README.adoc, before:

= Stream Deck Plugin for TeamSpeak 5

image:https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/leonmarcel-hd/StreamDeck-TeamSpeak5?color=blue&label=Latest Version[link="https://github.com/LeonMarcel-HD/StreamDeck-TeamSpeak5/releases/latest"]

image::https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83507548/242984540-5c6607ab-86c6-4f3c-8f85-b9343ef1ce7e.png[Header Image]

== Setup

=== Connecting TeamSpeak
    
Launch TeamSpeak and head over to the **Settings** ->
**Remote Apps**. Make sure that the Port matches.

Now you should see a request sent by the Plugin, accept it.

=== Setting up Keybindings

After the connection is established, you need to bind each Stream Deck
Button to a TeamSpeak Keybinding.

(Similar to what you do with a regular Key. The Plugin just sends
virtual Keys)

So set up your Buttons on the Stream Deck, select the corresponding
function you want the Button mapped to.

For example, you place the Mute Action on your Stream Deck, then you need
to select **Choose** on the Mute Binding in TeamSpeak and
press the Button on the Stream Deck. You need to repeat this for every
other Key, as TeamSpeak currently does not offer a way to set up the
Bindings automatically!

=== Configuration of Whisperlists

Create a Whisperlist in TeamSpeak

Place your Button on the Stream Deck and input the name of the Whisperlist
(This name does not need to match, but could interfere with other
Whisperlist Buttons if two buttons are named the same)

Click on **Choose** to set the Keybinding, then press the
Button on the Stream Deck and select the Whisperlist on the left side
beside the Keybinding.

== Features

image::https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83507548/243126376-2ca6abe3-8b3d-4082-8fa2-59f624fe8eb6.png[Features]

_All Push to Activate Buttons can be toggled to act as Toggle to Activate_

== Download & Installation

**You should download it from the https://marketplace.elgato.com/product/teamspeak-5-871cb93b-a819-48e5-bb06-1aef5e75687f[Elgato Marketplace] or the https://apps.elgato.com/plugins/de.leonmarcel.teamspeak5[Elgato Store]!**

== Bug Reports

If you have found a bug or encountered an issue while using the Plugin, please report it on the https://github.com/LeonMarcel-HD/StreamDeck-TeamSpeak5/issues[**GitHub Issues**] page. Please follow these guidelines when submitting an issue:

- Clearly describe the problem, including steps to reproduce the issue.
- Specify the version of the Plugin, the TeamSpeak Client and the Stream Deck Software.
- Attach any relevant screenshots that may help troubleshooting the problem.

== Feature Requests

If you have any feature requests or suggestions for improving the Plugin, feel free to share them on the https://github.com/LeonMarcel-HD/StreamDeck-TeamSpeak5/discussions/categories/feature-requests-suggestions[**GitHub Discussions**] page. I appreciate your feedback and will consider it for future updates.

== Credits

I would like to thank https://github.com/Gamer92000[**Gamer92000**] | https://github.com/iiVoiX[**iiVoiX**] for their contribution to this project.

Thank you for using this Plugin <3!

Commit message:

:memo: Update readme with Marketplace Badge & new Plugin Design

README.adoc, after:

= Stream Deck Plugin for TeamSpeak 5

image:https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/leonmarcel-hd/StreamDeck-TeamSpeak5?color=blue&label=Latest Version[link="https://github.com/LeonMarcel-HD/StreamDeck-TeamSpeak5/releases/latest"]

image::https://discourse-forums-images.s3.dualstack.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/original/3X/7/e/7e3db416d824975b6adae3fc2e44e74deb6b30a9.png[Promotional Header Image]

== Download & Installation

+++
<a href="https://marketplace.elgato.com/product/teamspeak-5-871cb93b-a819-48e5-bb06-1aef5e75687f" rel="noopener noreferrer" target="_blank">
    <img src="https://docs.elgato.com/img/badges/marketplace-light.svg" alt="Get it on marketplace" title="Get TeamSpeak 5 on Marketplace" style="height: 60px;"/>
</a>
+++

== Setup

=== Connecting TeamSpeak
    
Launch TeamSpeak and head over to the **Settings** ->
**Remote Apps**. Make sure that the Port matches.

Now you should see a request sent by the Plugin, accept it.

=== Setting up Keybindings

After the connection is established, you need to bind each Stream Deck
Button to a TeamSpeak Keybinding.

(Similar to what you do with a regular Key. The Plugin just sends
virtual Keys)

So set up your Buttons on the Stream Deck, select the corresponding
function you want the Button mapped to.

For example, you place the Mute Action on your Stream Deck, then you need
to select **Choose** on the Mute Binding in TeamSpeak and
press the Button on the Stream Deck. You need to repeat this for every
other Key, as TeamSpeak currently does not offer a way to set up the
Bindings automatically!

=== Configuration of Whisperlists

Create a Whisperlist in TeamSpeak

Place your Button on the Stream Deck and input the name of the Whisperlist
(This name does not need to match, but could interfere with other
Whisperlist Buttons if two buttons are named the same)

Click on **Choose** to set the Keybinding, then press the
Button on the Stream Deck and select the Whisperlist on the left side
beside the Keybinding.

== Features

image::https://discourse-forums-images.s3.dualstack.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/original/3X/0/0/00a7b1a943fa2687f948afb1c8f2e6e9b0576551.png[Image that show Features of the Plugin]

_All Push to Activate Buttons can be toggled to act as Toggle to Activate_

== Bug Reports

If you have found a bug or encountered an issue while using the Plugin, please report it on the https://github.com/LeonMarcel-HD/StreamDeck-TeamSpeak5/issues[**GitHub Issues**] page. Please follow these guidelines when submitting an issue:

- Clearly describe the problem, including steps to reproduce the issue.
- Specify the version of the Plugin, the TeamSpeak Client and the Stream Deck Software.
- Attach any relevant screenshots that may help troubleshooting the problem.

== Feature Requests

If you have any feature requests or suggestions for improving the Plugin, feel free to share them on the https://github.com/LeonMarcel-HD/StreamDeck-TeamSpeak5/discussions/categories/feature-requests-suggestions[**GitHub Discussions**] page. I appreciate your feedback and will consider it for future updates.

== Credits

I would like to thank https://github.com/Gamer92000[**Gamer92000**] | https://github.com/iiVoiX[**iiVoiX**] for their contribution to this project.

Thank you for using this Plugin <3!
